Update readme adding more ways to run Metabase (#42217)
metabase/metabase: enterprise/frontend/src/embedding-sdk/README.md

# Getting started

## Start Metabase

> You have a couple of options to start Metabase:

Reviewer: I think we need to add a sentence about why their existing MB instance won't work.
Maybe something like this

```suggestion
Currently, the SDK only works with specific versions of Metabase.
You have the following options:
```

### 1. Running on Docker
Start the Metabase container:
```bash
docker run -d -p 3000:3000 --name metabase metabase/metabase-dev:embedding-sdk-0.1.0
```

### 2. Running the Jar file

> 1. Download the Jar file from http://downloads.metabase.com/sdk/v0.1.0/metabase.jar

Author: I use the copy from https://www.metabase.com/docs/latest/installation-and-operation/running-the-metabase-jar-file
